feat: add restartPolicy to `kube_pod_init_container_info` metric (#2240)
kubernetes/kube-state-metrics: docs/pod-metrics.md

| kube_pod_restart_policy                               | Gauge       | Describes the restart policy in use by this pod                                                                                                                                     |                                                | `pod`=&lt;pod-name&gt; <br> `namespace`=&lt;pod-namespace&gt; <br> `type`=&lt;Always\|Never\|OnFailure&gt; <br> `uid`=&lt;pod-uid&gt;                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | STABLE       | -      |

> | kube_pod_init_container_info                          | Gauge       | Information about an init container in a pod                                                                                                                                        |                                                | `container`=&lt;container-name&gt; <br> `pod`=&lt;pod-name&gt; <br> `namespace`=&lt;pod-namespace&gt; <br> `image`=&lt;image-name&gt; <br> `image_id`=&lt;image-id&gt; <br> `image_spec`=&lt;image-spec&gt; <br> `container_id`=&lt;containerid&gt; <br> `uid`=&lt;pod-uid&gt; <br> `type`=&lt;Always&gt;                                                                                    | STABLE       | -      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| kube_pod_init_container_info                          | Gauge       | Information about an init container in a pod                                                                                                                                        |                                                | `container`=&lt;container-name&gt; <br> `pod`=&lt;pod-name&gt; <br> `namespace`=&lt;pod-namespace&gt; <br> `image`=&lt;image-name&gt; <br> `image_id`=&lt;image-id&gt; <br> `image_spec`=&lt;image-spec&gt; <br> `container_id`=&lt;containerid&gt; <br> `uid`=&lt;pod-uid&gt; <br> `type`=&lt;restart-policy&gt;                                                                                    | STABLE       | -      |
```

One last change.

Author: `<br> `restart_policy`=&lt;Always&gt;` right?

Reviewer: The `Always` should be replaced by a placeholder

Author: @mrueg 
i fixed

> | kube_pod_init_container_info                          | Gauge       | Information about an init container in a pod                                                                                                                                        |                                                | `container`=&lt;container-name&gt; <br> `pod`=&lt;pod-name&gt; <br> `namespace`=&lt;pod-namespace&gt; <br> `image`=&lt;image-name&gt; <br> `image_id`=&lt;image-id&gt; <br> `image_spec`=&lt;image-spec&gt; <br> `container_id`=&lt;containerid&gt; <br> `uid`=&lt;pod-uid&gt; <br> `type`=&lt;restart-policy&gt;                                                                                   | STABLE       | -      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| kube_pod_init_container_info                          | Gauge       | Information about an init container in a pod                                                                                                                                        |                                                | `container`=&lt;container-name&gt; <br> `pod`=&lt;pod-name&gt; <br> `namespace`=&lt;pod-namespace&gt; <br> `image`=&lt;image-name&gt; <br> `image_id`=&lt;image-id&gt; <br> `image_spec`=&lt;image-spec&gt; <br> `container_id`=&lt;containerid&gt; <br> `uid`=&lt;pod-uid&gt; <br> `restart_policy`=&lt;restart-policy&gt;                                                                                   | STABLE       | -      |
```

Reviewer: Almost :)
